Docs(tcloud): Update scheduler facade docs for OAuth (#3992)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/cloud/features/single_sign_on.md

![tcloud_logout](./single_sign_on/tcloud_logout.png)

Otherwise, you will be logged out automatically when the SSO session expires (every 24 hours). 

## OAuth Clients

> Sometimes, you want to grant an external service access to your Tobiko Cloud project. This could be for example the [CICD bot](../../integrations/github.md) or a [scheduler integration](./scheduler/airflow.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to grant an external service access to your Tobiko Cloud project. For example, the external service could be the [CICD bot](../../integrations/github.md) or a [scheduler integration](./scheduler/airflow.md).
```

> These services take Client ID and Client Secret credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These services take `Client ID` and `Client Secret` credentials.
```

!!! Info "One set of credentials per service"

>     It's best practice to provision a separate set of credentials for each service that you wish to connect to Tobiko Cloud. This gives you the flexibility to revoke credentials for a certain service without affecting other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It's best practice to provision a separate set of credentials for each service that you wish to connect to Tobiko Cloud. This gives you the flexibility to revoke credentials for a specific service without affecting access for other services.
```

### Provisioning client credentials

> To provision OAuth credentials for a new service, browse to `Settings -> OAuth Clients`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provision OAuth credentials for a new service, browse to `Settings -> OAuth Clients` in the lefthand navigation menu.
```

Enter a client name and human readable description like so:

![Add new OAuth Client](./single_sign_on/oauth_client_1.png)

Once you click `Save`, the client will be added to the list:

![OAuth Client List](./single_sign_on/oauth_client_2.png)

To fetch the Client ID or Client Secret, click `Copy ID` or `Copy Secret`. The values will be copied to the system clipboard.

> You can then paste these values into the relevant location for the external service to pick them up and use them to connect to your Tobiko Cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste these values into an external service's authentication configuration so it can connect to your Tobiko Cloud project.
```
